fiat has had more often in recent years
tried to based on the popular
500 new body styles too
launch with this 500x would be summer
be able to bear fruit
a previous time that fiat based on the
500 of the larger car made that got
venture
the fiat 500l everyone trade k
however, the 500x has the playfulness
a little brother
the fiat 500x is not just fun
to see there also fit 4 people in one
also adjusts the necessary baggage
although 350 and a maximum of 1000 liters
that's not wrong for a 500
fiat
all kinds of sound-insulating materials
installed in the interior
right up to the alpha window styles
Romeo has taken over the opportunity to
setting different driving modes
with the so-called drive mood selector
do you choose whether the fiat is sporty or correct
economical driving
it is one of the few playful things
on the 500x with you it might not be
but for such an insane tip he is
dead serious
just look at the safety equipment
there is a lane assistant on one
independent braking system
and a system that alerts you when
there is traffic in you too
no if you want to smile then you must be
brother have the 500x bobbin
decroos has four-wheel drive one
greater clearance
including so-called start-up books that
means that you drive less
lands quickly
when you leave the paved road the
500x is the first 500 derivative that
at least as nice as the original
the cross version yes that is of course the
superlative
but with this regular x it already shows something
pleasure also enjoyable
useful